yo what's going on guys this is cod
flaws in today's video I'm gonna be
talking about possible skiing in a
possible North Yankton DLC on GTA 5
online so yesterday a very very trusted
source you know he leaks a lot of
information and most of it comes true
ninety-nine percent of the time he
actually leaked the jetpack yesterday in
the game code and he also leaked skiing
but you know everyone was way too hyped
about the jetpack that no one actually
made a video about the skiing and so
today so once the patch one point 11 was
released in the game files there was
nothing you know referring to skiing or
the jetpack once the one point 12 came
out you know the jetpack showed up in
skiing also showed up and for skiing in
the files it says start skiing skiing
and finished skiing so it's probably
some sort of activity or race the
question is if we did have the skiing
activity where would we be able to ski
because as we know Los Santos is
basically Los Angeles and Los Angeles it
doesn't snow there was only one rare
occasion and Los Santos where dis where
did snow and it was actually for the
Christmas DLC but there is this one
place in gt5 we're skiing would
perfectly fit and it is north kingstown
and the beginning of the gt5 story mode
it was presented to us and it's you know
very snowy a lot of mountains and you
know skiing would be no fit very well in
North Yankton so if Rockstar one day
decided to basically add skiing into GTA
5 online or just GTA 5 it would
definitely be a North Yankton DLC and
inside of that northington DLC there
would be a bunch of activities and
things to do such as skiing so this is
where we actually could become creative
if they actually did give us a North
Yankton DLC there would be probably a
possibility of some sort of snowmobiles
or being able to buy houses in North
Yankton and it's pretty weird that the
skiing dlc was leaked because you know
like two weeks ago one of my subscribers
message me on xbox and he was giving me
some information stating that his friend
works at rock star and his friends said
that we're gonna get a Northington DLC
and inside of that North Yankton DLC
we're going to be able to buy houses so
I'm not sure if this is true it wasn't
leak
yeah you know that sort of information
but it's pretty weird how skiing was you
know leaked and it does you know connect
with North Yankton and that one of my
subscribers did tell me that before so I
was pretty cool so if they were to add a
North Yankton DLC with skiing you know
they would texturize north yankton more
you know because when we did have the
North Yankton online glitch when you
went to North Yankton it was pretty
realistic you get to ride around walk
around on North Yankton but some parts
it was like see-through basically where
you just it's like invisible you fly a
helicopter through it but I'm pretty we
it's pretty weird that when you did the
glitch you actually get to drive around
and walk around there so maybe they were
actually working on it before so the
part about skiing is not confirmed it is
just leaked and the rest of the video is
just speculation talking about some cool
things that might come to GTA 5 online
because this trusted source that does
leak this information he is very trusted
and he does leak correct information so
hopefully Rockstar does take into
consideration to giving us some sort of
North Yankton DLC with a lot of addons
it would make the game a lot of fun so
let's get creative and let's say there
was a northeast and DLC comment down
what you guys would like to see in North
Yankton weather would be skiing or
perhaps something else like snowmobiling
or anything else just be creative so if
you guys did enjoyed this video I'd
really appreciate a like also comment
down what you guys think like I said
also comment down what you guys would
want to see and this has been kata flaws
and I mouthpiece thanks for watching